N9 years ago I reached out to Lexar
trying to get my hands on this super
cool modular card reader Tower dock
thing called the workflow hr1 they
didn't reply to me so ultimately I
bought not one but two of them which we
used for years they're super cool you
can use the modules either inside the
tower which can be either USB or
Thunderbolt or separately if you need to
take them on the go only one small
problem Lexar totally abandoned this
product line is what I used to say not
only did Lexar send me the brand new
workflow but they actually sponsored
this video checking it out and this
thing looks absolutely sick now instead
of being Thunderbolt 2 or USB 3 it is
Thunderbolt 4 instead of having four
docks it can support up to six docks
plus a couple of USB ports one type a
one type c in the front and it even
supports daisy chaining up to six of
these devices according to the
Thunderbolt spec including having
displays in line with it and whatever
else it even supports USB power delivery
so if you have say for example your
MacBook hooked up to it or something
like that you can charge your MacBook at
up to 140 WS while you use it we'll get
to that in a second first I want to take
a closer look at this bad boy there's
our 140 W charging there's our
Thunderbolt port and there's our
Thunderbolt daisy chain there's a
cooling fan there's a cooling fan intake
I guess we've kind of covered it oh no
we haven't right not all of the bays at
the front are made equal two of them are
40 gbit per second so that's the maximum
speed supported by Thunderbolt 4 and
then the other four are 10 gbit per
second and the savy among you are
probably going to have figured out that
you're not going to be able to saturate
all six of these bays at exactly the
same time the construction is aluminum
feels quality especially when you
compare it to the plastic construction
of the old one and oh I'm curious will
the old modules oh nope not even close
uh let's see what else comes in the
Box okay professional workflow customize
your needs with versatile modular
readers and and portable ssds we've got
support for dual slot SD UHS 2 a regular
SD and a Micro SD UHS 2 uh portable ssds
in two and 4 terab flavors as well as
support for CF Express 4.0 type A and
type B with backwards compatible for CF
Express 2.0 we also got a thunderbolt
cable they say this is a is this a a gan
brick yeah okay 140 W Gan brick and then
adapters that I don't need for
international plugs yep that's a short
cable Thunderbolt 4 has some issues
we've overlooked something haven't
we in the Box you might have noticed
there isn't a single module yeah just
like the old one it's not a a cheap
solution the SD card module is going to
cost you around 50 bucks the CF Express
modules are around 100 bucks and the
ssds are $300 and $500 respectively for
the different
capacities all right and in terms of
included accessories they just come with
a USB cable and then the little modular
reader itself so just like the old
generation one you can use USBC and use
it as a standalone device or you can
slot it right into our reader here is it
Direct agnostic can I just put it in
either way I want oh yeah okay cool it
seems to not care but all the text goes
this way so I'm going to keep it
consistent oh this is a 40 GB per second
module cool let's put it in that side oh
okay I got a 2 tby SSD let's go ahead
and throw that in a 40 GB per second
module CF Express is so fraking
expensive this CF Express type B card
one terabyte is
$1,000 and I don't think Lexar is even
that out of touch with the market
reality for this one like it's just
these are these are really expensive
cards do I wonder why that standard
hasn't really taken off Christmas party
yeah yeah for sure buddy one last thing
they also include a type A to type c
adapter in the Box all right I'm going
to put my type A in the other 40 GB per
second slot there we go do I have a
micro SD yeah oh there was one that was
still in box that I could have unboxed
all right well there you go that's the
unboxing experience man did they send
over all of this media for this
video dude do they know that I would
have done this for not the sponsorship
for just like this really expensive
media cut that cut that all right got
all the Lexar baby dude what you can
have 36 card readers on a single port
not to mention that some of them are
dual like SD and micro SD ones
ridiculous okay so some of these have
some stuff on them right hey look at
that all footage 472 gabes okay here we
go 23 gigs let's go good gravy
2.6 gigabytes that's with a big b
gigabytes per second we are moving
around 10 of gig files just like they
are nothing what kind of speeds are we
going to get on our SD cards let's try
let's try copying one of these files to
our SD card uh let's go with our
fullsize SD not bad not bad 20 200 200
and something megabytes a second dude I
know for those of you who don't care
this is not going to be that exciting
but for those of us who do care being
able to move footage around quickly and
seamlessly is a huge deal there you go
there you go see that the big number is
off the graph now so we can actually see
the SD card transfer now let's say that
we wanted to transport some footage back
with us okay so we've got that what was
that like a 30 gig file or something
like that on our SD card uh it's pretty
typical for us to carry something back
if the camera operator is traveling
separately or to make two copies so if
two people are traveling each of them
has has one and using a portable SSD
like this is a really good way to do
that so I'm just going to rip one of my
uh CF Express card readers out I'm going
to throw that SSD in there and then I'm
going to copy from my SD card to my
portable SSD sorry it was 15 gigs 15
gigs she's cooking at around 240 250
megabytes a second which is about what
we'd expect for a v90 SD card of course
that's not as fast as this SSD can go
but we'll wait until this is done first
now let's try pulling off of our our CF
Express type
B and throwing that onto our
SSD man this makes me wish we did shoot
on CF Express I don't want to pay for CF
Express but boy do I ever like the
speeds like yeah just casual 850
megabytes a second no problem we shoot
that uh we shoot Tech link on them we
shoot TechLink on CF Express why in just
speed oh for exactly this reason because
Tech linked is edited and uploaded the
same day it's shot every second count so
sitting and waiting you know 10 15 20
minutes for inest not really an option
especially when you can do it instantly
like this all right now let's take one
of those files let's take our 23 gig
file and copy it off of our SSD onto our
desktop okay it looks like this SSD will
do anywhere in the neighborhood of
around
850 to 900 megabytes a second whether
we're reading or writing that's a little
shy of what Lexar said we might be able
to in the real world but still fast
enough that you are able to move footage
around extremely quickly Lexar wanted us
to point out that the SSD is ip68 water
resistant and comes with a 5-year
warranty and the rest of the modules
come with three-year warranties and
include appropriately rated USBC cables
you can't take that for granted anymore
so the CF Express ones come with 40 GB
per second rated ones and the SD ones
come with 10 GB per second rated ones I
for one am super happy to see this back
I know that this won't be that
meaningful to some of you but to me it
is a pretty freaking big deal it might
be too much to ask but I'd love to see
Lexar expand the lineup I mean it's just
Thunderbolt and USB ports so conceivably
nothing would prevent someone from you
know creating a a third-party USB
accessory USB hob or something like that
that plugs into it if it's sitting on
the desk right next to your computer or
uh a carrier sled that allows you to put
an m.2 drive in and then just kind of
close it up and pop it in there I mean
the guy is kind of the limit when it
comes to modular stuff like this just
got to see the ecosystem be built out
and don't make me wait 9 years for an
update it's not cheap but it is
something that as you guys can see I
mean it wasn't cheap last time if you
have the workflow for it it can be worth
it even though it's uh what is it $600
for the dock this time around yeah like
I said like I said before not cheap but
uh definitely
cool thanks Lexar for for sponsoring
this video and sending over these
goodies thank you guys for watching
subscribe to Short Circuit